

Hi I'am JC, 

Hi I am Jechris, but you can call me Jc for short, I design and build user interfaces.
I happen to have a good designing skills and I am currently taking my Web Development Training on Tuitt Philippines, to further enhance my skills both on Front and Back end Website Development. I can tell you the bootcamp is very great, it allows me to open new doors; to refreshen my skills, and keeps me on track to the latest versions of softwares  for unfolding new possibilities on web designing.

designing started as a hobby of mine creating logos way back on my college year, my design once been chosen for representing our campus and it really feels good to see my design printed on banners and shirts rallying for campus win; participating to different events and creating some for my friends exposed me to different demands of client which enhanced my skills on graphic designing.
I have used this skill when I was working with my Capstone Project, with the hard teamwork and recieving some of good feedbacks from my Mentors, I was motivated to embrace Web Development.
these keeps me inspired  to push myself on a great career on Web Development.

what does designing means to me?
For me a good and unique design is fueled by these Four factors:

1. Exploring and collecting ideas
For me, designing is like traveling to different places, the exciting part of it is you will not know where your feet will be and what will be waiting for you as you open up new doors.
it may be scenic or not, the important thing is you collect new and strange ideas that can be used for future purposes.
2. Practicing the practices. 
keep on the discipline, it will not just keep your skills sharpened but also it gives you the confidence for whatever project you are working on.
3. Open up new perspective, staying at the same angle becomes predictable and cannot attract clients.
"learn to appreciate the big and little things around you, sometimes it can be the missing piece for the wow factor your looking for."
3. Get motivated and inspired. these are the most important thing of the four factors.

"I don't settle for good, not when great is within grasp." - Eugene Lee

beside design, there are four things that I love in this world, delicious Food & Beer, Music, Films and Hoop. 
The greatest thing in life is when they all come together in a self-indulgent mix, wow that is heaven.

Let's have a cup of coffee sometimes,

Facebook, Instagram, Google+

feel free to follow me at Instagram or LinkedIn.



